Remove split_queries_by_interval and forward_headers_list (#10395)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/setup/upgrade/_index.md

3. `s3.sse-encryption` is removed. AWS now defaults encryption of all buckets to SSE-S3. Use `sse.type` to set SSE type. 
4. `ruler.wal-cleaer.period` is removed. Use `ruler.wal-cleaner.period` instead.
5. `experimental.ruler.enable-api` is removed. Use `ruler.enable-api` instead.

> 6. `query_range.split_queries_by_interval` is now removed. Use the flag in `limits_config` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `split_queries_by_interval` is removed from `query_range` YAML section. You can instead configure it in [Limits Config](/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#limits_config).
```

> 7. `query_range.forward_headers_list` is now removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `frontend.forward-headers-list` CLI flag and its corresponding YAML setting are removed.
```
